ok
how about your baby
we do some big deal with Jeff Colorado
soon as we can
you're closer bang and everybody with
you
that's a baby yeah poor baby just hang
stuff and still want to get this caller
ID you don't want your running off nice
job Mike we shall be good job Michael
so chief are you doing good how are you
doing sir yeah they're poor puppy puppy
she barked ma'am yeah you want to fire
how much are you running from the coyote
and evolve masseur
oh very good no solid answers 30 color
you know what can leave it like that it
covered and now I will tell public works
tomorrow they come out and dig it back a
new best friend Mike what's the first
thing right my pain yes the next day
camp now cimp and he ll I'm a
firefighter/paramedic we thought we're
called to help us all got to be out of a
well would you have to do I climbed down
into the well and wrapped a harness
around its body and the leash around the
front of his arms hooked up a rope with
a carabiner on it just pulled them up
nice and even my first first time I've
had anything like oh good i like when I
like black lancer I'm a dog owner myself
so I felt from the poker
your dad
old man he got down in there
ok
Robert
we were walking on a path and there was
coyotes and me ran from whom and then he
found the sewer looking doing work home
a fool I was freaking out I was shaking
hey call 911
yeah because they save the dog
thank you very much it's my baby we had
a report of a dog stuck in a sewer on
157th here in oak park heaven upon our
arrival yeah we had a dog stuck in the
sewer we had the end engine come out use
our rope tools and execrated the dog
from the sewer like this yes we've
actually saved cats out of trees and
stuff but this was a first rescue of
this type yes Juliet hooked on the home
to the doctor well the reaction was you
know thank God it wasn't the owner
because the girls were running here
along the side of the road away from a
coyote and as she said it could have
been her as easy as it was the dog yes
the sewer cap the sewer cap was off on
this dislodge from the top of the sewer
which exposed the open sewer Oh Holly
folk 20 I couldn't from flooding it
could have been from snow removal it
could have been from the repairs that
they've started out no partying what a
great i'll cover my great outcome
everybody's going home safe guys open a
great job thing you might can't know
that an excellent job
isaac she got into the silver pontiac